## Curated List of the Best Movies Ever Made

Hi! 

This is an attempt to create a list of the best movies ever made. 

Really. Not like, the movies "we" love most, but rather the movies everyone can agree are best made.

At first, we won't consider any statistical analysis. The list will be generated by Pull Requests and a review mechanism.

Take into consideration that the list will be constructed iteratively as collaborators and other PR submitters think of additional movies to replace existing ones.

The flow for changing the list is as follows:

* Submit a PR replacing one (and only one) movie in the list with your proposal.
* The list will be reviewed by multiple people.
* Once agreed by most, the PR will be merged.

The first rule of a movie in this list is: 

When asked, (almost) no one can say "It's not my style" or "It's a bad movie" or "I don't like that genre". We will, of course, try to do our best to accomodate for this rule.
For example, one might say: Why did you put "12 Angry Men" in the list but not "Fight Club", 2001: Space Odyssey, or "The Usual Suspect"? And the answer would be, for "Fight Club", for example, that it's a matter of taste. Many people would not like the complexity. You also need to like that type of brainfuck movies (Also true for Memento, for example).


So, without further ado - the best movies ever made:

* The Kid (1921)
* City Lights (1931)
* It's a Wonderful Life (1946)
* Rear Window (1954)
* 12 Angry Men (1957)
* The Sound of Music (1965)
* The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly (1966)
* Godfather (1972)
* Godfather II (1974)
* Elephant Man (1980)
* Rainman (1988)
* The Last of the Mohicans (1992)
* Shawshank Redemption (1994)
* Forrest Gump (1994)
* Fargo (1996)
* Green Mile (1999)
* American Beauty (1999)
* Gladiator (2000)
* Mystic River (2003)
* Million Dollar Baby (2004)

Runner Ups to consider now (will be reduced to 5 soon)

* Modern Times (1936)
* Citizen Kane (1941)
* One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975)
* Few Good Men (1992)
* Casablanca (1942)
* Philadelphia (1993)
* L.A. Confidential (1997)
* Lawrence of Arabia (1962)
* Ben Hur (1952)
